doc/src/tests.rst, before:

Tests
=====

pytest configuration
--------------------

.. automodule:: conftest
   :undoc-members:



Tests for the :mod:`~valjean` modules
-------------------------------------

Tests for the :mod:`~valjean.config` package
````````````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.test_config
   :undoc-members:

Tests for the :mod:`~valjean.priority_set` package
``````````````````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.test_priority_set
   :undoc-members:

Fixtures for the :mod:`~valjean` module
```````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.fixtures
   :undoc-members:



Tests for the :mod:`~.cosette` package
--------------------------------------

Tests for the :mod:`~.task` module
``````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.cosette.test_task
   :undoc-members:

Tests for the :mod:`~.rlist` module
```````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.cosette.test_rlist
   :undoc-members:

Tests for the :mod:`~.depgraph` module
``````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.cosette.test_depgraph
   :undoc-members:

Tests for the :mod:`~.scheduler` module
```````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.cosette.test_scheduler
   :undoc-members:

Tests for the :mod:`~.code` module
``````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.cosette.test_code
   :undoc-members:

Fixtures for the :mod:`~.cosette` package
`````````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.cosette.fixtures
   :undoc-members:

Tests for the :mod:`~.eponine` package
--------------------------------------

Tests for the :mod:`common <valjean.eponine.common>` module
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.eponine.test_common

Tests for the :mod:`~.scan_t4` module
`````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.eponine.test_scan_t4


Tests for the :mod:`~.scan_t4` and :mod:`~.parse_t4` modules
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.eponine.test_all_listings


Tests for the :mod:`~.using` module
```````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.eponine.test_using


Tests for the :mod:`~valjean.gavroche` package
----------------------------------------------

Fixtures
````````

.. automodule:: tests.gavroche.fixtures


Tests for the :mod:`~.harvest` module
`````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.gavroche.test_harvest


Tests for the :mod:`~.test` module
`````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.gavroche.test_test

Commit message:

Improve documentation and add utility methods.
Implement Davide's comments on accessor and test_accessor.
Add standard methods to get keys, to print and add a new member to
ResponsesBook (data_key). Move Index examples in the Index class as
it is an implentation detail.

doc/src/tests.rst, after:

Tests
=====

pytest configuration
--------------------

.. automodule:: conftest
   :undoc-members:



Tests for the :mod:`~valjean` modules
-------------------------------------

Tests for the :mod:`~valjean.config` package
````````````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.test_config
   :undoc-members:

Tests for the :mod:`~valjean.priority_set` package
``````````````````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.test_priority_set
   :undoc-members:

Fixtures for the :mod:`~valjean` module
```````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.fixtures
   :undoc-members:



Tests for the :mod:`~.cosette` package
--------------------------------------

Tests for the :mod:`~.task` module
``````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.cosette.test_task
   :undoc-members:

Tests for the :mod:`~.rlist` module
```````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.cosette.test_rlist
   :undoc-members:

Tests for the :mod:`~.depgraph` module
``````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.cosette.test_depgraph
   :undoc-members:

Tests for the :mod:`~.scheduler` module
```````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.cosette.test_scheduler
   :undoc-members:

Tests for the :mod:`~.code` module
``````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.cosette.test_code
   :undoc-members:

Fixtures for the :mod:`~.cosette` package
`````````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.cosette.fixtures
   :undoc-members:

Tests for the :mod:`~.eponine` package
--------------------------------------

Tests for the :mod:`common <valjean.eponine.common>` module
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.eponine.test_common

Tests for the :mod:`~.scan_t4` module
`````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.eponine.test_scan_t4


Tests for the :mod:`~.scan_t4` and :mod:`~.parse_t4` modules
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.eponine.test_all_listings


Tests for the :mod:`~.accessor` module
``````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.eponine.test_accessor


Tests for the :mod:`~.using` module
```````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.eponine.test_using


Tests for the :mod:`~valjean.gavroche` package
----------------------------------------------

Fixtures
````````

.. automodule:: tests.gavroche.fixtures


Tests for the :mod:`~.harvest` module
`````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.gavroche.test_harvest


Tests for the :mod:`~.test` module
`````````````````````````````````````

.. automodule:: tests.gavroche.test_test
